# Notes & Tracker

## Solved
- [x] Solve the `@authmodal` prblem
- [x] Logged Out successfully message-pop
- [x] My Subscriptions.
- [x] Subscription `# subId` page.
- [x] Empty Subscriptions page notice.

## Current-Session

## Next
- [ ] Use Grid on Products Page
- [ ] In BestSellers section in HomePage make the cards Server-side by passing Card Components as props to ItemsCarousel Component
----
- [ ] Build a OneTime Popup that will show users/visitors that this is a mockup
- [ ] Show a message in policies-pages that below contents are generated by ChatGPT and You Don't Collect Users-Datas.
----
- [ ] Implement Forms Functionality (Show Pop-up when form is done and take users to HomePage).
----
- [ ] Configure Robots file
- [ ] Work on SEO
----
- [ ] Make Design Corrections in homePage & Redesign the Journey-Section & Fill the plain backgrounds with some curves or waves or blobs.
- [ ] Add some animations to the pages
----
- [ ] Add `loading` & `error` files to each pages.

## Planned
- [ ] Read the Project-Structure section in the DOCS & Checkout this [repo](https://github.com/sadmann7/skateshop/).
    - [ ] Update name of folders which do not contain pages or routes to _folder-name also update the JSDOCS
    - [ ] use @ in all imports
    - [ ] Work on Code-Structure & Review the Whole Code.
    - [ ] Documentate Functions
----
- [ ] Make Design Responsive both Higher & Lower screen sizes `{2560px - 280px}`.
- [ ] Make sure everything running as expected in All Browsers (Chrome (Desktop/Android), Firefox (Desktop/Android), Edge (Desktop/Android), Brave).
----
- [ ] Work on Image `Width-Height change maintain aspect ratio` warning. I think the following [link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/69230343/nextjs-image-component-with-fixed-witdth-and-auto-height) might help. or the `loader` thing will...
----
- [ ] Test the webapp's working...
----
- [ ] Deploy it to netlify under https://spicy-brew.danithedev.tech.